yes
hello football time friends we're
here at movie time and to make them
a very special recommendation a
recommendation that has to do a lot
with the passion that unites us around
this site and what we talked about in this
page of course I'm talking about
football and the pretext is the premiere of the
john josé campanela's metegol movie
the Argentine director responsible for the
Oscar winner the secret of her
eyes' is about a movie that about
everything is about entertaining and that
course not be exempt from wanting to send
a message through this plot of
this story would be worth clarifying
so they could not leave with the feint of
that this is an animated film and that
is intentionally made only for a
public child or youth and nothing else
eye above all is a good
movie
football to tell a story for
send a series of messages and that
uses the animation technique to
use a series of tools
specific that allow campanela
tell the story as he would want and
tell the story especially in the
sequence of soccer matches
a much more attractive way much more
close as we would like to approach
the intimacy of those moments within the
football on the field during those
within those during that circumstance
they are extraordinary moments of certain
matches
said this understanding that it is about
of an animation that allows
approaching a much wider audience
this child or youth audience is a
movie that can attract everyone by
the same is about the history of matteo
who suddenly gets involved in a
confrontation with his rival from the
childhood and another the chama removed good in
the foosball that has now become
in his professional footballer and that
allows through this also to do
certain critical reflections and looks at
the current situation of football is about
of a business this is an issue
of fame in the characters that have
become stars in this in this
sports have lost contact with certain
reality with his followers with his
roots with passion
real and deep that moved them to play
this sport out there moves this
question of the confrontation between a
matte type or much more romantic much
more willing to other things to certain
sacrifices with an evil and a good
collective before the staff and in
those lands also move the
reflections of endeavor these portraits
that allow us to see the
lessons without being moralistic of what
it's about worrying about others before
that one and soccer serves quite well
of pretext taking these characters
of all kinds that go from this already
become a superstar diva
footballer in the people of this
professional soccer player the managers
as it is a business and for the
another side the footballers of this
football player brass players
of plastic that I know come to life
that take life and that allow us to see
the different personalities that we have
seen that we have as reference in
football teams or maybe we have
shared in a field in a tournament
local at school and others out there very
interesting the portrait that is done in
these different profiles through
some of them like the typical goal scorer
that feels outstanding that you know
good and even always talks about him in
third person as is the veto
the crazy this football philosopher who
delivery every reflection you have about
the football in small kaiku are
little thoughts that leave us
pondering or the leader willing to
make personal sacrifices for good
collective out there is where they move
the intentions of entertainment and
reflection up to a certain level by
of juan jose
Campanella tell them to open the
22 versions in our country those of the
original Argentine voices and those of the
voices of the latin dubbing made in mexico
with air
and poncho herrera out there for example les
could say that in the case of the madman the
Argentine dubbing allows this
character a greater depth a greater
rounding in the profile that is made of
this kind of philosophical footballer
introspective that gives away these little
pearls of wisdom while in the
Mexican version does not allow to operate
very well so much to the drawing that was had
set for this type of character
but given those little ones of all
detail about is primarily a
movie that invites us to have fun and that
leave these little reflections and these
portraits about soccer on the
society about the sacrifice without
be very forced or moral
allowing us to have so much fun
a little bigger as the little ones
with this movie the recommendation
special of course this week in
movie time in soccer time
juan josé campanela's metegol so that
go see it now that finally
mexico is classified in the world
global and that continues
the next stages comes the liguilla
and also comes the following stages of
the uefa champions league if they want
keep watching more football but now in
big screen a good excuse for
talk about other things is even
goal of juan josé campanela and us
of course we meet again
soon here in movie time in time
soccer